Who it is for	Foreign professionals, managers and executives with a job offer in Singapore who meet the eligibility criteria.
Who can apply	
An employer or appointed employment agent needs to apply on behalf of the candidate.

For an overseas company without a Singapore-registered office, you need to apply through a local sponsor.

Qualifying salary	
Fixed monthly salary comparable to the top one-third of local PMET salaries, starting from $5,000 and increases progressively with age, up to $10,500 for those in the mid-40s. 

Candidates in the financial services sector need higher salaries to qualify.

What is the duration	
The duration of the pass is as follows:

First-time candidates: up to 2 years
Renewals: up to 3 years
Experienced tech professionals with skills in shortage may be eligible for a longer 5-year duration pass.

Is it renewable	Yes. Find out how to renew.
Passes for family	Available for eligible pass holders.
Foreign worker levy or quota	No foreign worker levy or quota required.
Medical insurance	Employers can choose whether to provide medical insurance for EP holders.
Relevant legislation	
Conditions of Work Pass
Employment of Foreign Manpower Act
Related eServices and forms	Access online services and forms for Employment Pass.

Consider all candidates fairly before you apply for an Employment Pass
To promote fair employment practices and improve labour market transparency, employers submitting Employment Pass (EP) applications must first advertise the job on MyCareersFuture and consider all candidates fairly. 

Fair Consideration Framework (FCF)
The Fair Consideration Framework (FCF) sets out the requirements for all employers in Singapore to consider candidates fairly for job opportunities. Employers should not discriminate candidates based on non-job related characteristics such as age, sex, nationality or race.

All employers in Singapore are expected to adhere to the Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices. 

Advertising requirements
Accuracy of advertisement
The advertisement should clearly explain the job requirements and salary offered to attract the right candidates.

We will reject any EP applications linked to advertisements that are discriminatory or do not represent the job accurately:

The advertisement must not contain discriminatory words or phrases - see examples.
The job advertised must match the occupation in the EP application.
The employer submitting the EP application must be the same as the one in the job advertisement.
The salary offered must be clear, specific, and consistent. Therefore the salary range advertised:
Must be visible to all candidates and cannot be hidden.
Cannot be too broad. The maximum salary cannot exceed two times of the minimum salary. For example, if the minimum salary is $4,500, then the maximum salary should not exceed $9,000.
Must contain the salary offered to the EP candidate.
If you are using an advertisement for multiple EP applications, the total number of EP applications cannot exceed the number of vacancies in the advertisement.
Duration of advertisement
The MyCareersFuture job advertisement must be open for at least 14 consecutive days to allow job seekers to view and apply for the vacancy. This also applies if you repost an advertisement that has closed.

You must post a new advertisement if you change any advertisement details such as job title, salary or the number of vacancies. You must keep it open for at least another 14 consecutive days before you can submit the EP application. This is to ensure that job seekers are aware of the updated job details and have a chance to apply for it.

Edits to job advertisement

Job advertisements that have expired for more than 3 months or closed for more than 3 months, cannot be used for EP applications. You must advertise the vacancy again to reach out to other job seekers.

Earliest EP or S Pass application date

Exemption from advertising requirement
All employers must practise fair hiring even if their job vacancies can be exempted from advertising on MyCareersFuture.

For practical reasons, you are not required to advertise on MyCareersFuture if you meet any of the following requirements:

Your company has fewer than 10 employees.
The fixed monthly salary for the vacancy is $22,500 and above.
The role is short-term, i.e. not more than 1 month.
The role is to be filled by a local transferee.
Scenario
The role you are applying for was filled by an existing employee within your company.
Are you exempted from advertising requirements?

Yes, you are exempted if the position is being filled by an existing employee that is transferring to another related branch, subsidiary, or affiliate in Singapore. 
The role is to be filled by a candidate choosing to apply as an overseas intra-corporate transferee.


Eligibility for Employment Pass
From 1 September 2023, new Employment Pass (EP) candidates need to pass the points-based COMPASS in addition to meeting the EP qualifying salary.

Who is eligible
To qualify for EP applications, candidates will need to pass a 2-stage eligibility framework:

Stage 1	Earn at least the EP qualifying salary, which is benchmarked to the top 1/3 of local PMET salaries by age.
Stage 2	
Unless exempted, pass the points-based Complementarity Assessment Framework (COMPASS).

Note:

Candidates who do not meet stage 1 will not be eligible for an EP, regardless of the points they would have scored under COMPASS.
The 2-stage eligibility framework applies to new EP applications from 1 September 2023, and renewals of EPs expiring from 1 September 2024.
Employers and employment agents can use the enhanced Self-Assessment Tool (SAT) to check a candidate’s eligibility before they apply.
Employers must continue to meet the Fair Consideration Framework (FCF) job advertising requirement before submitting new EP applications.
Successful candidates will also need to meet vaccination requirements to get their pass issued.
EP qualifying salary (Stage 1)
From 1 September 2023, the following EP qualifying salary requirements apply to new applications and renewals:

At least $5,000 for all sectors except financial services (increases progressively with age from age 23, up to $10,500 at age 45 and above)
At least $5,500 for the financial services sector (increases progressively with age from age 23, up to $11,500 at age 45 and above)
If you are renewing your employee’s EP expiring on 1 December 2023, they need to earn at least $5,000 if they do not work in the financial services sector.

They do not need to pass COMPASS because that would only apply to renewals of EPs expiring from 1 September 2024.

Select your sector to view the EP qualifying salary by age:

Fast-growing tech companies that are newly expanding to Singapore and the region may be eligible for the Tech@SG Programme.
COMPASS (Stage 2)
COMPASS is a transparent points-based system that gives businesses greater clarity and certainty for manpower planning. It enables employers to select high-quality foreign professionals, while improving workforce diversity and building a strong local core.

How to pass COMPASS
Your application needs to earn 40 points to pass COMPASS.

COMPASS Infographic

Criteria details

































Exemptions from COMPASS
Candidates are exempted from COMPASS if they meet any of these conditions:

Have a fixed monthly salary of at least $22,500 (similar to the prevailing Fair Consideration Framework (FCF) job advertising exemption from 1 September 2023)
Are applying as an overseas intra-corporate transferee
Are filling the role for 1 month or less

Passes for family of Employment Pass holders
As an Employment Pass holder, you can get certain family members to join you in Singapore if you meet the eligibility requirements.

Who is eligible
To be eligible, you need to:

Earn at least $6,000 a month.
Hold an Employment Pass.
These are the family members you can bring in and the type of pass they need:

Family member	Pass type
Legally married spouse	Dependant’s Pass
Unmarried children under 21 years old, including those legally adopted	Dependant’s Pass
Common-law spouse	Long-Term Visit Pass
Unmarried handicapped children aged 21 and above	Long-Term Visit Pass
Unmarried step-children under 21 years old	Long-Term Visit Pass
Parents
(Only for EP holders earning at least $12,000)	Long-Term Visit Pass
How to apply
To apply, your employer will need to submit a separate application for each family member. The application can be submitted together with the Employment Pass application or separately.

Find out more about the requirements and application process for Dependant’s Pass and Long-Term Visit Pass.

Documents required for Employment Pass
You need to upload documents (e.g. candidate’s passport page showing personal particulars) when submitting an Employment Pass application.

Documents required
Personal particulars page of candidate’s passport.

If the candidate’s name on the passport differs from that on their other documents, please also upload an explanation letter and supporting documents (e.g. deed poll).
Company’s latest business profile or instant information registered with ACRA.
We may ask for other documents when we review the application. For example, documents to prove that salary declared will be paid.

For non-English documents, you must upload the original document together with an English translation as 1 file. The translation can be done by a translation service provider.
Changes to verification requirement
With the implementation of COMPASS, new verification proof requirements will apply for new EP applications and EP renewals. The table below shows the verification proof required for post-secondary diploma and above qualification.

New EP applications


Verification proof required
Before 1 September 2023	
Only if qualifications from awarding institutions is not found in application’s form drop-down list

From 1 September 2023
For all qualifications declared to MOM 
EP renewals


Verification proof required
Before 1 September 2024	
Only if qualifications from awarding institutions is not found in application’s form drop-down list

From 1 September 2024
For all qualifications declared to MOM 
Employers who need points from these qualifications in COMPASS have to declare them in the EP application, otherwise it is optional to declare educational qualification. Employers should not declare qualifications that cannot be verified or are from unaccredited institutions.

Employers only need to verify the candidate’s qualifications once. You will not be prompted to upload a verification proof if the candidate’s qualifications have been verified before.

Verification proof requirements
Employers must ensure that their candidates’ qualifications are authentic and were awarded by accredited institutions.

If the qualification's awarding institution	You need to provide verification proof for	Acceptable source of verification proof
Is not found in application drop-down list	
Both:

Authenticity of the qualification
Accreditation status of the institution
Background screening companies
Is found in drop-down list	
Authenticity of the qualification
Background screening companies
Government/awarding institution's verification portal
OpenCerts portal
Authenticity checks confirm that the candidate was awarded the qualification. Accreditation checks confirm the qualification is recognised by the local government authority.




Apply for an Employment Pass
You can apply for an Employment Pass online as an employer or appointed employment agent.

At a glance
Step	Who does this	How long it takes
Submit an application	Employer or employment agent (EA)	
If you apply online: Processed or given an update within 10 business days.

For overseas company without a Singapore-registered company: within 8 weeks for most cases.

Prepare for arrival in Singapore	Candidate 	Not applicable 
Get the pass issued	Employer or EA	Immediate processing after complying with vaccination requirements
(If required) Register fingerprints and photo	Candidate	Not applicable
Receive the card	Authorised recipients or candidate	Receive within 5 working days after fingerprint and photo registration, or document verification
See pass map for an overview of what you need to do before, during and after you apply for an Employment Pass.
Use the Self-Assessment Tool to check if your candidate qualifies. You should not apply if the Self-Assessment Tool shows that your candidate does not qualify.
Apply for family passes after the main pass is issued. Although you can apply for family passes at the same time as the EP, you will lose the application fees for each family pass if the EP application gets rejected.
You are required to advertise your job opening on MyCareersFuture to consider all applicants fairly, before you can apply for an Employment Pass.


Appeal against a rejected Employment Pass application
You have 3 months to appeal an unsuccessful Employment Pass application, but you should do so only if you can address the reasons for rejection.

You can check the rejection advisory in EP eService to view the reasons for rejection and advice on what to do next. If you applied manually, check the rejection letter.

When to appeal
You should only appeal if you can address the issues in your rejection advisory. There will be no change in the outcome unless there is new information in the appeal.

To help you make your decision:

Use the Self­-Assessment Tool (SAT) to get an idea of whether the candidate qualifies.
Check the rejection advisory for the steps you need to take.
You need to submit your appeal within 3 months of getting the rejection. If you miss this time period, you will have to submit a new application.

Who can appeal
Only the employer or authorised third party who submitted the application can make enquiries or appeals. We will not entertain enquiries or appeals from the candidate, or anyone else.

Submit an appeal
When: Within 3 months of rejection

You can make an appeal through EP eService.

After making your appeal, you can log in to EP eService to:

Check the status of your appeal.
Print the outcome letter.
We will not be able to discuss appeal matters in person due to the high volume of appeals. If you receive an email from MOM requesting for more documents, you can submit them using this online form.

How long it takes
85% of appeals are processed within 6 weeks. You can always log in to EP eService to check your appeal status.




Renew an Employment Pass
You can apply to renew an Employment Pass if you want the pass holder to continue working for you.

Pass holders are not subject to a vaccination requirement to be considered for an Employment Pass renewal. However, they are encouraged to be vaccinated to protect themselves against the disease and minimise the risk of transmission. 
For pass holders who are currently on Home Recovery Programme and cannot do their medical examinations, you can request for time to get the renewed pass issued. You can also submit this request if your pass holders are waiting for a new passport.
For pass holders who are unable to return to Singapore to have their passes renewed, please cancel the passes and re-apply for them when the COVID-19 situation has stabilised.
At a glance
When to renew	
You can apply to renew an Employment Pass up to 6 months before the pass expires. You must apply before the expiry date. Check when you can start renewing.

For Employment Pass (sponsorship): you can start applying to renew when you get the renewal forms by post, 3 months before the pass expires. Your application needs to reach us at least 2 months before the pass expires.

Who can renew	Employer or appointed employment agent (EA).
Duration of renewed pass	Up to 3 years. The duration of the renewed pass is not affected by the length of validity of your passport.
How much it costs	
$225 for each pass
$30 for each Multiple Journey visa (if applicable)
How long it takes	Renew using myMOM Portal: Processed or given an update within 10 business days.
Renew by post (for EP sponsorship cases only): within 8 weeks for most cases.
Note:

Renewals are not guaranteed. Applications will be evaluated against current eligibility criteria.
Renew early
Remember to apply for renewal early. Renewing early does not mean that you'll lose the remaining days in your current pass. The duration of the renewed pass will start when the current pass expires.
If you miss the deadline, you need to apply for a new pass.
You’ll have to apply for renewal using the renewal forms for Employment Pass (sponsorship) holders.
Renewal criteria
If the EP expires	
The candidate needs to

Before 1 September 2024	
Earn at least the minimum qualifying salary.
Work for the same employer in a managerial, executive, or specialised job.
Have acceptable qualifications, usually a good university degree, professional qualifications, or specialised skills.
After 1 September 2024	
Earn at least the minimum qualifying salary.
Work for the same employer in a managerial, executive, or specialised job.
Pass the points-based Complementarity Assessment framework (COMPASS).
Candidates earning at least $22,500 fixed monthly salary are exempted from COMPASS.
 

Renewals are not guaranteed
Pass holders do not need to meet any COVID-19 vaccination requirements for EP renewals. However, COVID-19 vaccination is strongly encouraged to protect pass holders from the disease and minimise the risk of transmission.
Once a candidate’s qualification has been verified, there is no need to get it verified again at renewal, or when there is a change of employer. If a candidate’s qualifications need to be verified, you will be prompted when filling in the EP application form.
How to renew
Log in to myMOM Portal to apply for renewal.

For EP (Sponsorship)
To renew EP (sponsorship):

Complete the renewal form.
Gather all supporting documents mentioned in the form.
Post the completed form and supporting documents to:
Work Pass Division
Ministry of Manpower
18 Havelock Road
Singapore 059764.
The outcome will be emailed to the contact person indicated in the application.
When you can renew
You can apply to renew 6 months (180 days) before the pass expires.

Upon renewal
If your renewal is successful, you:

Will get an In-Principle Approval (IPA) letter. It is valid for 3 months.
Must follow the instructions in the IPA to get the pass issued.
You must get the pass issued before the IPA or current pass expires, whichever occurs first. Otherwise, an overstaying fine will be imposed.The duration of the renewed pass will start when the current pass expires.

After the pass is issued
After the pass is issued, check the notification letter to see:

If the notification letter states	The existing card
Continue using the existing card.	
Must be kept by the pass holder.

Note: If you return it when you don’t need to, you have to pay $60 to replace the pass.

Getting a new card.	Must be cut in half and discarded to prevent misuse.


Cancel an Employment Pass
You must cancel an Employment Pass (EP) if the pass holder no longer works for you.

At a glance
When to cancel the pass	
Within 1 week after the last day of notice.

Note:

You can submit a cancellation request up to 14 days in advance. (E.g. If you want the pass to be cancelled on 15 February, you can submit the request from 1 February.)  
If the pass holder becomes a Singapore permanent resident, you don't need to cancel the pass. It will be cancelled automatically.
Who can cancel	Employer or employment agent 
How long it takes	Cancellation is immediate, unless you are submitting an advance cancellation request.   
Note:

If the pass holder has left Singapore permanently, you must cancel the EP within 1 week from the departure date, unless it has expired. 
Once the EP is cancelled, all the related Dependant's Passes, Long-Term Visit Passes, Letters of Consent and Work Permits for the family will also be cancelled.
Before cancelling
You need to:

Give reasonable notice of the pass holder’s repatriation.
Seek tax clearance from the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS).
Settle all outstanding employment issues that the pass holder may raise, including salary payment.
Buy an air ticket and pay for any connecting transport costs to the international port of entry in your pass holder’s home country/region nearest to their hometown, unless the pass holder agrees in writing to bear the cost.

Before booking the flight, please check:

Whether the airline has any requirements for boarding (e.g. pre-departure COVID-19 test) and ensure the pass holders comply with them. Otherwise, they may not be allowed to board.
The home country's or region's embassy website for the entry requirements, or refer to MFA's travel guide.

When to cancel the pass
You can submit a cancellation request up to 14 days in advance. (E.g. If you want the pass to be cancelled on 15 February, you can submit the request from 1 February.)

The latest the pass must be cancelled is 1 week after the pass holder’s last day of notice.

If the pass has expired, you do not need to cancel it. If the pass holders are still in Singapore, you just need to request for a Short-Term Visit Pass (STVP) to give them a valid stay in the meantime. Otherwise, an overstaying fine will be imposed.

How to cancel
Log in to EP eService on myMOM Portal. 
For pass holders who are still in Singapore, you can request for a 90-day STVP to give them a valid stay in the meantime. 
The pass holder and you will both receive the STVP by email. The pass holder needs to show the STVP and a valid passport to the immigration officer when leaving Singapore.
Once the pass is cancelled, please cut the pass card in half and discard it to prevent misuse.
