Who it is for	
Eligible foreign entrepreneurs who are keen to operate a business in Singapore that is venture-backed or possesses innovative technologies.

Visit StartupSG resource guide to learn more about how to get started in Singapore, and partners to connect with.
Who can apply	Candidate can apply directly.
Minimum salary	No stipulated minimum salary.
What is the duration	
New pass and first renewal: 1 year
Subsequent renewals: 2 years
Is it renewable	Yes, upon meeting the renewal criteria.
Passes for family	Available for certain family members of pass holders.
Foreign worker levy or quota	No foreign worker levy or quota required.
Relevant legislation	
Conditions of Work Pass
Employment of Foreign Manpower Act
Enterprise Singapore, who works with MOM to evaluate EntrePass applications, may contact EntrePass holders periodically for engagement and audit purposes.
Related eServices and forms	
Access online services and forms for EntrePass.

Visit Singapore Global Network (SGN) website to learn more about relocating to Singapore, and the opportunities available.

Eligibility for EntrePass
This work pass is intended for serial entrepreneurs, high-calibre innovators or experienced investors that want to operate a business in Singapore that is venture-backed or owns innovative technologies.

Who is eligible
EntrePass is open to all nationalities/citizenships.

You can apply for an EntrePass if you meet both conditions:

Have started, or intend to start, a private limited company registered with ACRA that is venture-backed or owns innovative technologies.
If registered, the company must be less than 6 months old on the date you apply.
If not registered, you can do so after you know the outcome of your application.
Meet any of the following innovative criteria as an entrepreneur, innovator or investor listed below. You do not need to meet all of the criteria for each respective profile, but having more qualifications would help your application.   

Entrepreneur
The registered company raised funding of at least $100,000 from a government investment vehicle, venture capitalist (VC) or business angel that is recognised by a Singapore Government agency.

Examples include:

Vertex Ventures
Qualified investors on the StartupSG Equity scheme
Venture partners on the Early Stage Venture Fund (ESVF) scheme
The registered company is an existing incubatee at an incubator or accelerator in Singapore that is recognised by the Government.

Examples include:

Incubators or accelerators in Enterprise Singapore’s Startup SG Accelerator Programme
Accredited Mentor Partners under Startup SG Founder
You have significant business experience or network and promising entrepreneurial track record of starting highly-scalable businesses and want to start and operate an innovative tech or venture-backed business in Singapore.

Requirements
You must fulfil any of the following:

You have founded and sold a tech company.
You have raised significant funding from investors for a current or past venture.
You have been or are being incubated by an internationally renowned incubator or accelerator.
You can demonstrate how your business networks and track record can contribute to the growth of your proposed business in Singapore (e.g. produce a letter of intent from prospective customers).
Innovator
You or the registered company holds an intellectual property (IP), registered with an approved national IP institution, which delivers a significant competitive advantage to your proposed business that cannot be easily replicated.

Requirements
You must fulfil all of the following:

Your IP must be registered with an approved national IP institution.
Your IP delivers a competitive advantage to your proposed business and cannot be easily replicated.
One of the shareholders or the company must be the owner of the IP.
Expired IP can be considered as long as one of the shareholders is the inventor of the IP.
The registered company has an ongoing research collaboration with a research institution under the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR), an Institute of Higher Learning (IHL) in Singapore.

Examples include:

A*STAR Research Institutes
Campus for Research Excellence and Technological Enterprise (CREATE) entities
Institutes of Higher Learning (e.g. National University of Singapore, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore University of Technology and Design, Singapore Management University, the Polytechnics)
Recognised non-profit and private sector research groups
Requirements
You must fulfil all of the following:

The research collaboration must be related to your proposed business.
The research institution needs to provide a contact person to verify details of the research collaboration.
You must be involved with ongoing research collaboration.
Contract of services is not considered to be research collaboration.
You have exceptional technical or domain expertise in an area related to your proposed business that is either venture-backed or owns innovative technologies.

Requirements
You must fulfil all of the following:

Your area of expertise must be related to your proposed business.
You have outstanding achievements or received international recognition in your area of technical or domain expertise.
Investor
You have a good track record of investing in businesses and want to grow new or existing businesses in Singapore by starting an investment-related company.

Requirements
You are willing to invest a substantial amount of money in other local tech startups and can provide supporting documents to show that you have one of the following:

A strong track record of investing in and driving growth of highly-scalable businesses.
Plans (i.e. quantum, period and pipeline) to invest in other local innovative or tech startups.
At least 8 years' experience as a senior management professional or executive in a large corporation that can help to scale up local innovative or tech startups.
Successful applicants are encouraged to contribute to the local startup ecosystem through activities such as:
Hosting or speaking at workshops or webinars
Organizing deal-making or networking sessions
Providing mentorship for other startups.
Enterprise Singapore, who works with MOM to evaluate EntrePass applications, may contact EntrePass holders periodically for engagement and audit purposes. 

To find out more about the eligibility criteria, you can contact Enterprise Singapore at entrepassenquiry@enterprisesg.gov.sg.

To find out more about application and appeal matters, send us an  online feedback. To submit an appeal for your EntrePass application, please use this online form.

Businesses that are not eligible
The following businesses are not eligible for an EntrePass:

Coffee shops, hawker centres, food courts.
Bars, night clubs, karaoke lounges.
Foot reflexology, massage parlours.
Acupuncture, traditional Chinese medicine, herbal dispensing businesses.
Employment agencies.
Geomancy business.
Are you intending to start and operate a new tech business in Singapore? You may be eligible for a Tech.Pass if you have founded or led a sizeable tech company, or developed tech products with mass adoption.






Passes for EntrePass holders’ families
As an EntrePass holder, you can get certain family members to join you in Singapore if you meet the requirements for minimum business spending and local jobs created.

As an EntrePass holder, you can only bring your family in if you meet the requirements for total annual business spending and local employment:

To bring your	Your total annual business spending must be at least	You must employ at least
Spouse (common-law or legally married)
Children
$100,000	3 LQS
(full-time employees, formerly known as FTE)

OR

1 local PME (professional, manager or executive)
Parents
$200,000	6 LQS

OR

2 local PMEs
LQS (formerly known as FTE) refer to Singaporeans and Permanent Residents who earn a monthly salary of at least $1,400, and receive CPF contributions for at least 3 months.
Local PMEs refer to professionals, managers and executives who are Singaporeans or Permanent Residents, earn a monthly salary of at least $3,900 and receive CPF contributions for at least 3 months.
1 local PME counts as 3 LQS. For example, to meet the requirements of 6 LQS, you can employ 3 LQS and 1 local PME.

Total business spending is calculated by deducting the following from the total operating expenses:

Expenses due to purchase of royalties, franchise and technical know-how fees from overseas companies.
Expenses due to outsourcing of work overseas.
Total remuneration to company’s EntrePass holders.
To bring your family in, you need to apply for the respective pass types:

Family member	Pass type
Spouse (legally married)
Unmarried children under 21 years of age, including those legally adopted
Dependant’s Pass
Common-law spouse
Unmarried handicapped children aged 21 years and above
Unmarried step-children under 21 years old
Parents
Long-Term Visit Pass
To assess your eligibility to apply for Dependant's Pass or Long-Term Visit Pass
For EntrePass holders without dependant privileges, you can request for an assessment of your eligibility to apply for Dependant's Pass or Long-Term Visit Pass.

To do this:

Submit a request to assess your eligibility to apply for passes for your family with the following supporting documents:
Your company’s latest audited annual accounts
CPF statements showing payment to your employees for the past 3 months
We will inform you within 8 weeks by email whether you are eligible to apply for a Dependant’s Pass or Long-Term Visit Pass.
If you are eligible, submit the application for a Dependant’s Pass or Long-Term Visit Pass.





Documents required for EntrePass
You need to submit documents such as a business plan and your passport page along with the EntrePass application.

You will need these documents to apply:

Personal particulars page of your passport.
If available, past employment testimonials in English or resume to elaborate on professional experiences, awards or recognitions.
(For businesses registered with ACRA) Company’s latest business profile or instant information from Bizfile.
A business plan in English, maximum 10 pages, consisting of:
Product and service offered
Market analysis
Operation plan
Profile of management team
Supporting documents, e.g. licensing agreements, product certificates and endorsement patents
Other documents that will support your EntrePass application. We may ask for other documents when we review your application.
You need to include additional documents when you submit your application as an entrepreneur, innovator or investor:

If you	You need to
Have funding from a government-recognised venture capitalist (VC) or business angel.	
Submit documents (e.g. investment agreement, shareholder certificate) to show you have raised at least $100k in funding.
Are an incubatee at a government-recognised incubator or accelerator.	
Show that your company is an incubatee at a government-recognised incubator or accelerator, or is involved in the Accreditation@SGD programme.
Explain how your incubatee or acceleratee's work is related to your business.
If you have business network and entrepreneurial track record, and fulfil any of the following:

If you	You need to
Have founded and sold a tech company.	
Show that you were a key decision-maker of the company.
Provide profile and acquisition papers of your tech company.
Have raised significant funding from investors for a current or past venture.	
Show evidence of funding from third party investors such as venture capitalists (VC)s or angel investors (e.g. investment agreement, shareholder certificate).
Give details of current or past venture.
Explain your role as a key decision-maker in that venture.
Have been or are being incubated by an internationally renowned incubator or accelerator.	
Show evidence that you are an incubatee at the organisation or programme.
Have strong industry networks and business contacts that are related to your proposed business.	
Demonstrate the strength of your networks (e.g. testimonials or letters of intent from key industry or business contacts, and their contact details).
Show how these networks can contribute to your business growth. For example, explain if the contact is a potential customer or investor, or the specific support they would offer to help you reach out internationally.
Include the estimated potential monetary value of these contacts, explaining how this value is derived.
Have received recognition by a national body, recognised media publication or credible industry organisation for your professional, business or entrepreneurial achievements and track record.	
Demonstrate your achievements and track record (e.g. certificates, media publication, testimonials and CV).
Explain how your achievements or track record would contribute to your business growth.
If you	You need to
Hold an intellectual property (IP).	
Provide IP registration with an approved National IP Institution.
Have a research collaboration with an IHL or research institute in Singapore.	
Provide overview of research collaboration and demonstrate how it is related to the proposed business.
Provide contact details of the person in IHL or research institute you are collaborating with.
Have extraordinary achievements in key areas of expertise.	
Show that you have the necessary expertise (e.g. certificates, articles or testimonials).
Demonstrate your ability to contribute to the business growth.
If you are willing to invest a substantial amount of money in a local company, you will need to provide:

Documentation of your current investments.
Information on your sector of interest and the pipeline of local companies that are being considered for investment.
Documentation to demonstrate your level of engagement with these companies (e.g. correspondences, investment agreements, signed letters of interest or intent).
You must also fulfill any of the following:

You have a track record in	You need to show
Investing in and driving the growth of highly-scalable businesses.	
You have a proven investments track record (e.g. investments agreements, signed letter of interest/intent to local companies and shareholder certificate).
Your ability to nurture the investee companies.
Substantial experience as a senior management professional or executive in a large corporation.	
You have the necessary expertise (e.g. testimonials, resumes or CVs).
Profile of the companies you have worked in.
Your contribution to the company.
For non-English documents, you must submit a copy of the original document and an English translation. The translation can be done by a translation service provider.




Apply for an EntrePass
You can submit your EntrePass application online. The application takes around 8 weeks to process.

You must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 with WHO EUL vaccines (including booster, if eligible) to get your pass issued.
At a glance
Who can apply	Candidate.
How much it costs	When you submit the application:
$105 for each pass
When you get the pass issued:
$225 for each pass
$30 for each Multiple Journey Visa (if applicable)
How long it takes	Within 8 weeks for most cases.
Documents required	Find out what you’ll need.
Related eServices	
EP eService
Check application status
Make an appointment
more eServices and forms

These are the steps for applying:

Step	Who does this	Result
Submit an application	Candidate	In-principle approval letter or rejection letter
Get the pass issued	Candidate, company representative or employment agency
Notification letter
Register fingerprints and photo (if required)	Candidate	Acknowledgment of card delivery
Receive the card	Authorised recipients or candidate	EntrePass card
Note:

Getting an EntrePass is not a guarantee that your business registration and licences will get approved.
You will still need to get approval from the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) for registering your business. You also have to apply separately for any licences needed to start your business.
Processing time is around 8 weeks. You will not be able to extend your Short Term Visit Pass if it expires before your application is approved.



Renew an EntrePass
If you hold an EntrePass, you can start applying to renew the pass 3 months before it expires. You will need to meet the renewal criteria for total business spending and number of local jobs created.

Pass holders are not subject to a vaccination requirement to be considered for a pass renewal. However, they are encouraged to be vaccinated to protect themselves against the disease and minimise the risk of transmission.
Enterprise Singapore, who works with MOM to evaluate EntrePass applications, may contact EntrePass holders periodically for engagement and audit purposes.
At a glance
When to renew	
You can start applying to renew when you receive the renewal form, about 3 months before the pass expires.

You need to submit the completed application and supporting documents to us at least 2 months before the pass expires.

Who can renew	Pass holder.
What is the duration of the renewed pass	
The duration of the pass is as follows:

First renewal: 1 year
Subsequent renewals: 2 years
How much it costs	
$225 for each pass
$30 for each Multiple Journey visa (if applicable)
How long it takes	Within 8 weeks for most cases.
Renewal criteria
You may be eligible to renew your pass if your company is registered with ACRA as a private limited company, and you:

Own at least 30% shareholding of the company.
Can provide proof of ongoing business activity.
Can provide proof that the business is venture-backed or owns innovative technologies.
Have created an individual profile and claimed your company profile on Startup SG Network (SSN)
Achieve business spending and create local employment as shown in the table below: 
Number of years holding an EntrePass	Your total annual business spending must be at least	Minimum number of local PMEs (or equivalents) to be employed	Qualifying salary for a PME 
1	–	–	$3,900
2	$100,000	1
4	$200,000	2
6	$300,000	3
8 	$400,000	4 
10	$700,000 	5 	$4,700 
12	$750,000	6 
14	$800,000	7 
16	$900,000 	8 
18	$1,000,000	9 
20	$1,150,000	10 PMEs refer to professionals, managers and executives who are:
Singaporeans or Permanent Residents
Earn a monthly salary of at least the corresponding PME qualifying salary indicated in the table above
Receive CPF contributions for at least 3 months.
LQS refer to Singaporeans and Permanent Residents who earn a monthly salary of at least $1,400, and receive CPF contributions for at least 3 months. When calculating equivalents, 3 LQS is equivalent to 1 PME.

A maximum of 12 LQS may contribute to the above criteria. For example, an EntrePass holder may meet the 6th (Year 10) renewal criteria of hiring 5 PMEs (or equivalents) by hiring 12 LQS and 1 PME, but not 15 LQS.

The EntrePass criteria is revised periodically to keep pace with the growth in Singapore’s enterprise ecosystem and talent pool over the years, to ensure that the contribution of your business to the local economy remains high.

You need to inform us if you deviate from your original business plan. You will also need to submit your revised business plan when renewing your pass.
Total business spending is calculated by deducting the following from the total operating expenses:
Expenses due to purchase of royalties, franchise and technical know-how fees from overseas companies.
Expenses due to outsourcing of work overseas.
Total remuneration to company’s EntrePass holders.
 
How to renew
You can submit your scanned EntrePass renewal form and the related supporting documents using the online form. 

Documents required
You need to submit the following documents with your application:

Company registration information from ACRA within the last 3 months.
Latest audited Profit & Loss and Balance Sheet statements (optional for first EntrePass renewal if not available).
Central Provident Fund statements for your employees (optional for first EntrePass renewal if not available).
Corporate bank statements for the last 3 months.
Travel document page showing your personal particulars.
Screenshot of company profile on SSN.
Records of contribution to the local startup ecosystem (if any).
Documents on company’s business activities (at least 1 of the following):
Referral letters from customers.
Recent invoices issued.
Contracts awarded.
Business partnership agreements.
Tenancy agreements.
Revised business plan (required if the nature of business or business activities have changed since your previous EntrePass application or renewal).
Upon renewal
If your renewal is successful, you:

Will get an In-Principle Approval (IPA) letter. It is valid for 3 months.
Must follow the instructions in the IPA to get the pass issued.
You must get the pass issued before the IPA or current pass expires, whichever occurs first. Otherwise, an overstaying fine will be imposed.The duration of the renewed pass will start when the current pass expires.

After the pass is issued
After the pass is issued, check the notification letter to see:

If the notification letter states	The existing card
Continue using the existing card.	
Must be kept by you.

Note: If you return it when you don’t need to, you have to pay $60 to replace the pass.
Getting a new card.	Must be cut in half and discarded to prevent misuse. 

If you’re a tech startup, you can join the Startup SG Network to connect with other startups, investors, and incubators or accelerators. Find out more on Startup SG Network and how to join it.