Who it is for	Top talent in business, arts and culture, sports, as well as academia and research.
Who can apply	
Candidates who meet the eligibility criteria can apply directly.

Appointed employment agency or employer can also apply on behalf of the candidates.

Minimum salary	
Earn a fixed monthly salary of at least $30,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currency) within the last 1 year.
Or
Will earn a fixed monthly salary of at least $30,000 under their future employer based in Singapore.
Individuals with outstanding achievements in the arts and culture, sports, as well as academia and research can qualify, even if they do not meet the salary criterion.
What is the duration	
The duration of the pass is as follows:

First-time candidates: 5 years
Subsequent renewals: 5 years
Is it renewable	Yes, upon meeting the renewal criteria.
Passes for family	Available for certain family members of pass holders. Spouses of pass holders can also obtain a Letter of Consent to work.
Foreign worker levy or quota	No foreign worker levy or quota applicable.
Related eServices and forms	
Access online services and forms for Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass

Visit Singapore Global Network (SGN) website to learn more about relocating to Singapore, and the opportunities available.


Eligibility for Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass
The Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass allows pass holders to concurrently start, operate and work for multiple companies in Singapore at any one time.
Who is eligible
Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass candidates are assessed on a case-by-case basis. Candidates who meet the criteria can apply and we will consider each application with care, seeking those who can bring valuable perspectives and contribute to our economy and society.

There are different routes to apply for the Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass.

Salary criterion
Existing work pass holders and overseas candidates can apply if they meet either of the salary criteria below:

Earn a fixed monthly salary of at least S$30,000, or its equivalent in foreign currency for the last year.
Will earn a fixed monthly salary of at least S$30,000 under their prospective employer based in Singapore.
The fixed monthly salary of at least $30,000 should come from one employer. Other sources of income may be considered on a case-by-case basis. In addition to meeting the salary criteria above, the candidates also need to fulfil the conditions in the table below:

If you are an	You need to show that
Overseas candidate	
You have been working for an established company overseas for at least 1 year.

Or

You will be working for an established company in Singapore.

Existing work pass holder	
You have been working in Singapore for at least 1 year.

Or

You will be working for an established company in Singapore.

 
For a company to be considered established, it must have a market capitalisation or valuation of at least US$500 million or an annual revenue of at least US$200 million. Combined amounts from the entire global office can also be considered, and will be assessed on a case-by-case basis.
The Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass is renewable for 5 years each time. To be eligible for renewal, the pass holder must meet either of the following:

Earn a fixed monthly salary of at least S$30,000 on average over the past 5 years in Singapore.
Started and is operating a Singapore-based company that employs at least 5 locals, each earning at least S$5,000 (pegged to the EP minimum qualifying salary).
Outstanding achievements
Individuals with outstanding achievements in the arts and culture, sports, as well as academia and research can qualify for Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass without meeting the salary criterion. 

Individuals who have demonstrated a high level of achievement in scientific research or other academic research, with a proven record of impactful outcomes from research conducted (which may include international recognition of scientific and/or academic leadership) may apply under the academia and research track.

Applicants must submit a detailed Curriculum Vitae (CV) (including academic qualification, professional experiences and accomplishments), and letter(s) of endorsement by a local host research institution (i.e. Autonomous Universities/A*STAR) before they would be considered under the outstanding achievement track for academia and research.

Benefits of the Pass
The Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass is a personalised pass tied to the individual and gives greater employment flexibility:

You can concurrently start, operate, and work for multiple companies at any one time.
You do not need to reapply for a new pass if you change jobs.
Your spouse will be able to work on a Letter of Consent.
Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass holders will not be subject to the Complementarity Assessment Framework (COMPASS) and employers who wish to hire them are not subject to the Fair Consideration Framework job advertising requirement.
To ensure that the Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass holders are utilising the flexibilities accorded to contribute meaningfully, MOM will request the following information from the pass holders yearly: 

Details on all your professional activities over the past year.
The annual salary you have earned from all professional activities.
This will contribute to our assessment of your eligibility for renewal.

