Who it is for	Skilled workers who meet the eligibility criteria.
Who can apply	An employer or appointed employment agent must apply on behalf of the applicant. If the pass holder changes jobs, the new employer has to apply for a new pass.
Qualifying salary

Fixed monthly salary comparable to top one-third of local APT salaries. This is a minimum of $3,150 (and increases progressively with age, up to $4,650 for those in mid-40s).

Candidates in the financial service sector need higher salaries to qualify.

What is the duration	Up to 2 years.
Is it renewable	Yes. Find out how to renew.
Passes for family	Available for eligible pass holders.
Quota or levy	Yes. Employers are subject to a quota and levy for S Pass employees.
Medical insurance	Employers must provide medical insurance for S Pass holders.
Primary Care Plan (PCP)	
Employers must complete all the following:

After getting the in-principle approval or renewal letter, buy a PCP for workers who either:
Stay in dormitories that can accommodate 7 or more workers
Work in CMP sectors 
Before the S Pass can be issued or renewed, declare the PCP purchase on myMOM Portal.
Relevant legislation	Conditions of Work Pass
Employment of Foreign Manpower Act
Related eServices and forms	Access online services and forms for S Pass.



Eligibility for S Pass
Only eligible candidates will be considered for an S Pass. Criteria include earning a salary of at least $3,150, which is benchmarked against the top one-third of the local associate professionals and technicians (APT) salaries by age.

Use the Self-Assessment Tool to check a candidate’s eligibility before you apply.
Who is eligible
The S Pass is for foreign employees across all nationalities or citizenships who:

Have a job offer in Singapore.
Earn a fixed monthly salary comparable to the top one-third of the local APT workforce by age, as shown below:
Sector	Minimum qualifying salary for renewals from 1 Sep 2023	Minimum qualifying salary for new applications from 1 Sep 2023, and for renewals from 1 Sep 2024	Minimum qualifying salary for new applications from 1 Sep 2025, and for renewals from 1 Sep 2026
All
(except financial services)
$3,000
(increases progressively with age from age 23, up to $4,500 at age 45 and above)
$3,150
(increases progressively with age from age 23, up to $4,650 at age 45 and above)

 

At least $3,300
(to be finalised)

 

Financial services
$3,500
(increases progressively with age from age 23, up to $5,500 at age 45 and above)
$3,650
(increases progressively with age from age 23, up to $5,650 at age 45 and above)	At least $3,800
(to be finalised)
Upcoming changes to S Pass eligibility criteria
There will be further changes to the S Pass qualifying salary on 1 September 2025.

You cannot employ foreign workers to work at a food stall in a hawker centre, coffee shop or food court. Such operations are small scale and should be manned by owners or family members.
Qualifications
You will be asked to provide details of qualifications and work experience when submitting your candidate's work pass applications. We do not accept qualifications from unaccredited institutions.

To check if an institution is accredited, you can approach background screening companies.  

Self-Assessment Tool
Use the Self-Assessment Tool (SAT) to check a candidate's eligibility before you apply.

If the SAT shows that the candidate is not eligible, you shouldn’t apply for the S Pass because it will be rejected.

If the SAT shows that the candidate is eligible, there is around a 90% chance that the candidate will get a pass.

Passes for family members
Pass holders who have a fixed monthly salary of at least $6,000, are eligible for a Dependant’s Pass for their spouse and children.

Employers can submit the application together with the S Pass application or separately at a later date.






Consider all candidates fairly before you apply for an S Pass
To promote fair employment practices and improve labour market transparency, employers submitting S Pass applications must first advertise the job on MyCareersFuture, and consider all candidates fairly.

Fair Consideration Framework (FCF)
The Fair Consideration Framework (FCF) sets out the requirements for all employers in Singapore to consider candidates fairly for job opportunities. Employers should not discriminate candidates based on non-job related characteristics such as age, sex, nationality or race.

All employers in Singapore are expected to adhere to the Tripartite Guidelines on Fair Employment Practices. 

Advertising requirements
Accuracy of advertisement
The advertisement should clearly explain the job requirements and salary offered to attract the right candidates.

We will reject any S Pass applications linked to advertisements that are discriminatory or do not represent the job accurately:

The advertisement must not contain discriminatory words or phrases - see examples.
The job advertised must match the occupation in the S Pass application.
The employer submitting the S Pass application must be the same as the one in the job advertisement.
The salary offered must be clear, specific, and consistent. Therefore the salary range advertised:
Must be visible to all candidates and cannot be hidden.
Cannot be too broad. The maximum salary cannot exceed two times of the minimum salary.
Must contain the salary offered to the S Pass candidate.
If you are using an advertisement for multiple S Pass applications, the total number of S Pass applications cannot exceed the number of vacancies in the advertisement.
Duration of advertisement
The MyCareersFuture job advertisement must be open for at least 14 consecutive days to allow job seekers to view and apply for the vacancy. This also applies if you repost an advertisement that has closed.

You must post a new advertisement if you change any advertisement details such as job title, salary or number of vacancies. You must keep it open for at least another 14 consecutive days before you can submit the S Pass application. This is to ensure that job seekers are aware of the updated job details and have a chance to apply for it.

Edits to job advertisement
Job advertisements that have expired for more than 3 months or closed for more than 3 months, cannot be used for S Pass applications. You must advertise the vacancy again to reach out to other job seekers.

Earliest EP or S Pass application date
Exemption from advertising requirement
All employers must practise fair hiring even if their job vacancies can be exempted from advertising on MyCareersFuture.

For practical reasons, you are not required to advertise on MyCareersFuture if you meet any of the following requirements:

Your company has fewer than 10 employees.
The fixed monthly salary for the vacancy is $22,500 and above. 
The vacancy is short-term, i.e. not more than 1 month.
The role is to be filled by a local transferee.
Scenario
The role you are applying for was filled by an existing employee within your company.
Are you exempted from advertising requirements?

Yes, you are exempted if the position is being filled by an existing employee that is transferring from another related branch, subsidiary, or affiliate in Singapore.