Who it is for	High-earning Employment Pass holders or overseas foreign professionals.
Who can apply	
Candidate who meet the eligibility criteria can apply directly.

Successful candidates will also need to meet vaccination requirements to get their pass issued.
Minimum salary	
Earn a fixed monthly salary of at least $22,500.

What is the duration	Up to 3 years.
Is it renewable	No. The PEP is issued only once.
Passes for family	Available for certain family members of pass holders.
Foreign worker levy or quota	No foreign worker levy or quota required.
Relevant legislation	Conditions of Work Pass
Employment of Foreign Manpower Act
Related eServices and forms	Access online services and forms for PEP.
Note:

If your PEP is expiring, you will need to get an Employment Pass or S Pass to continue working in Singapore. You do not have to cancel the existing PEP for your employer to apply for the new pass.
You may be required to pay income tax.



Eligibility and requirements for Personalised Employment Pass
Eligible high-earning foreign professionals can apply for a Personalised Employment Pass. Pass holders have greater job flexibility than with other work passes. However, they need to meet certain requirements to hold the pass.

Who is eligible
You can apply for a Personalised Employment Pass (PEP) if you are earning a fixed monthly salary of at least $22,500. This is benchmarked to the top 10% of EP holders. For overseas foreign professionals, your last drawn salary should have been within the past 6 months of your application.

Who is not eligible
You are not eligible for the PEP if you are:

An Employment Pass holder under the sponsorship scheme.
A freelancer or foreigner who intends to work on a freelance-basis.
A business owner in an ACRA-registered company, such as a sole proprietor, partner, shareholder or where a director is also a shareholder.
A journalist, editor, sub-editor or producer.
Note: You are not allowed to start a business or conduct any form of entrepreneurial activity while on a PEP. If you intend to do so, you should apply for an EntrePass or Overseas Networks & Expertise Pass.

Requirements of the pass
To keep holding a PEP, you must:

Not be unemployed in Singapore for more than 6 months at any time. Otherwise, you will need to cancel the pass.
Earn a fixed salary of at least $270,000 per calendar year, regardless of the number of months you are in employment.
If you applied for your PEP before 1 September 2023, you must earn a fixed salary of $144,000 per calendar year, regardless of the number of months you are in employment.
Notify us of the following:
When you start or leave a job.
If you change your contact details, such as local contact person or address.
Your annual fixed salary. You need to declare your current year's salary to us by 31 January of the following year.
Benefits of the PEP
The PEP gives you greater job flexibility than other work passes:

You can generally hold a job in any sector. However, the PEP does not exempt you from complying with registration requirements to practise in Singapore for professions such as medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, architecture, law, etc.
You do not need to re-apply for a new pass if you change jobs; you only need to notify us.
You can stay in Singapore for a continuous period of up to 6 months without a job to search for new employment.
Passes for family members
If you hold a PEP, you can bring in your family members on these passes:

Dependant's Pass for your:

Legally married spouse
Children under 21 years old, including legally adopted children
Long-Term Visit Pass for your:

Common-law spouse
Unmarried handicapped children aged 21 and above
Unmarried stepchildren under 21 years old
Parents
You need to submit a separate application for each family member even if they currently hold a Dependant’s Pass or Long-Term Visit Pass. You can submit their applications along with the PEP application.

Successful candidates will also need to meet vaccination requirements to get their pass issued.



Apply for a Personalised Employment Pass
You can submit a Personalised Employment Pass (PEP) application online. The application takes around 8 weeks to process.

Candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 with WHO EUL vaccines (including booster, if eligible) to get their passes issued.
At a glance
Who can apply	Candidate
How much it costs	
When you submit the application:

$105 for each pass
When you get the pass issued:

$225 for each pass
$30 for each Multiple Journey Visa (if applicable)
How long it takes	Within 8 weeks for most cases.
Related eServices	
EP eService
Check application status
Make an appointment
more eServices and forms

These are the steps for applying:

Step	Who does this	Result
Submit an application	Candidate	In-principle approval letter or rejection letter
Enter Singapore 	Candidate	
Candidate must comply with the travel requirements based on their vaccination status 

Get the pass issued	Candidate or EA	Notification letter
Register fingerprints and photo (if required)	Candidate	Acknowledgment of card delivery
Receive the card	Authorised recipients or candidate	PEP card




Appeal against a rejected Personalised Employment Pass application
You have 3 months to appeal an unsuccessful Personalised Employment Pass application, but you should do so only if you can address the reasons for rejection.
You can check the rejection advisory in the rejection letter that was emailed to you.

When to appeal
You should only appeal if you can address the issues in your rejection advisory. There will be no change in the outcome unless there is new information in the appeal.

You need to submit your appeal within 3 months of getting the rejection. If you miss this time period, you will have to submit a new application.

Who can appeal
Only the pass applicant or authorised employment agent can make enquiries or appeals.

Submit an appeal
When: Within 3 months of rejection (i.e. date of rejection email)

You can make an appeal using this form. If you are the authorised employment agent who is making the appeal, please attach a signed authorisation letter stating that the pass applicant has authorised you to submit an appeal on his or her behalf. 

Please understand that we will not be able to discuss appeal matters in person due to the high volume of appeals.

How long it takes
Appeals take at least 8 weeks to process, sometimes a little longer. We will send the outcome of your appeal to the email address provided in the original application form. 